Associate Software Engineer
Zwift · United States (Remote)

Apply

Save
Save Associate Software Engineer at Zwift
Show more options
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Reactivate Premium




Tailor my resume to this job

Am I a good fit for this job?

How can I best position myself for this job?

People you can reach out to
Raphael profile photo
Raphael profile photo
Raphael Pungin 
Raphael Pungin is verified 
· 3rd
Mobile Application Engineer specializing in iOS, Android and Flutter
School alum from University of Rhode Island

Message
Meet the hiring team
Onochie Akah is hiring
Onochie Akah  
 3rd
People Ops @ Zwift! | ScrumMaster | Ex. FOX, Microsoft (Activision Blizzard), Apple (MAL) 

Message
About the job
About The Role And About You

Zwift is looking for an Associate Software Engineer to join our team. In this role, you will work in a full-stack team to deliver features that improve the racing, competition, and training experience in our cross-platform MMORPG game. You will work cross-functionally with designers, producers, engineers, artists, QA, and product managers to build exciting new features and help grow our core gaming experience.

What You’ll Do

Work on a cross-functional team to deliver exciting game features that span our microservice backend, game client, mobile companion app, and admin tooling.
Design, build, and maintain high-performance, reusable, and reliable code in multiple programming languages and platforms.
Identify technical risks and help build mitigation plans.
Work with engineers and product managers to scope and plan projects.
Participate in the interview process.

What We’re Looking For

BS/MS in Computer Science and/or relevant technical area.
1-3 years of software development experience.
We mostly use C++ and Java, but there is no specific language requirement.
Experience in one of the following: mobile development, cloud-based microservices, event sourcing, gameplay, and/or multiplayer gameplay. 
Experience with software engineering best practices such as automated testing, monitoring/alerting, continuous integration, code reviews, etc.
Experience with production troubleshooting.
Tenacity to get things done and enthusiasm for learning in an evolving problem space.

Bonus Points

Experience working with Kubernetes and containerization.
Experience working on an MMO.
Experience shipping cross-platform apps, especially: iOS, tvOS, Android, Mac, and PC.
Interest in creating fun experiences around cycling, running, and overall fitness.

If Zwift determines in any stage of our interviews that any AI tools are being used without disclosure or citation, your candidacy will be disqualified.

For All US Based Full-Time Positions

The base salary for this position ranges between $70,500 to $110,000. The base salary will be based on a number of factors including the role offered, the individual's job-related knowledge, skills, qualifications, and geographic location. In addition to base salary, Zwift is proud to offer a comprehensive and competitive benefits package for all eligible employees which also includes performance bonuses, equity, and a full range of medical, financial, and other perks and benefits.

How To Stand Out Among The Rest

Your resume/CV is enough to show off your skills, accomplishments, and experience. However, if you choose to include a cover letter introducing us to your awesome personality, we will read that too.

We strongly believe that different backgrounds and ideas are a competitive advantage; we hire candidates of any race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, Veteran status, and any other status. Zwift is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by emailing careers@zwift.com.

Zwift, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.